# Audio File
    C8.mp3
# C8_InterviewTranscript
- Interviewer
    Last questions about the game… Some last data we need to collect. So, first, how did you feel in playing the blind version of the game compared to the regular one? Did you notice any particular changes?
- Player 2
    OK. Yeah, like in the blind version, like it's just you're using your mind more like you're not looking at the hand of the player nor anything. Not saying that I'm cheating, but. But it just, yeah, it's you're not using anything other than your brain thinking, what next to do? And you're also trying to find the sensor place. It's not that complicated, but… And for the other version, it's like choosing your mind and also the seeing like. The player expressions, the hand, everything stuff. Everything like this.
- Player 1
    Like the same for me as well, like as I a little bit like notice that, like, because I have ADHD, is like a little bit like more complicated like without the like the… without the stuff (referring to goggles) because like I'm not distracted and I just like can completely like calculate the, like, next step and here like I just saw… Very angry face. And I got just like felt like I have to, like, the sentiment. So yeah, so. Like it's just like a lot of, like additional information flow, that's just I have to process.
- Interviewer
    OK, so before actually trying the two different modalities, when you knew you would have played both, did you have any expectation on what could have been the changes? And do you think being blindfolded affected your game performances?
- Player 1
    Actually, I suppose like I just have any thoughts about anything. I'm just against interested in the like the whole system. But then like when like you talk off the mask and told like, we have to like, OK, it changes a lot like in the play. So maybe before not, like, like in… Like, before the you precise it like not line action, it was like understandable like it will change a lot.
- Player 2
    For me, I didn't have any expectations, to be honest, like, but when we did blindfolded, I think I thought it's going to be like a bit uncomfortable to be blind, just like the idea itself is uncomfortable. But then it was pretty chilled because, like, you're really concentrating on the game and you don't have any other distractions as D. said. So yeah, that's it, I think.
- Interviewer
    OK. Thank you. So last question, what was your favorite part of the system and the least favorite part of the system in all its components? And if you have any recommendation on how to improve the system.
- Player 1
    I suppose in the sensor. Especially the blind version link, it gets a little bit of, like, strange feeling, maybe like, you know, you just can add something, like, some kind of action to start the game. 
- Interviewer
    Instead of looking for the sensor, OK yeah.
- Player 1
    Yeah. Yeah, yeah. So that's, that's more useful. So, like, we just have everything in advance. OK, so. The sound and then you prepare.
- Interviewer
    All right. Something, OK. And favorite part? Favorite part of the system.
- Player 1
    I like. I like all of this like sound effects and like, you know, like the vibration and everything just like, again, like for me it's very like fun because it's, like, it's more stimulation for my ADHD brain. Like more stimulation, you know, the happier I am. So, like when, yeah, all of this like stuff. And also, like interaction with the person's nice.
- Player 2
    Yeah, like my favorite is the… Guidance, you know, like the voice guiding you. Everything's like pretty structured.
- Player 1
    What it's fun for you? Structure. (both players laugh) Yeah. It's fun, too.
- Player 2
    It's, it's engaging. And my least favorite is that you need to keep, like, whatever. Yeah. [referring to having to keep the hand still for some milliseconds after performing the move]
- Player 1 
    Actually. Yeah. 
- Interviewer
    You want to comment to the result.
- Player 2
    Because. Yeah. Because you're so engaged in the game and, you know, excited. And then you just like, just like. Your hand and stuff. Yeah. OK. That's my least favorite.
- Interviewer
    So, any further comments, something more? Thank you for participating. 
- Player 1 
    No, thank you.
- Player 2
    No, I think the same.
